changelog: add changelog entry for Immersive Mode on Remote Instances (#4542)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2026/02/remote-instances-immersive-editor.md

---
title: Immersive Mode for Remote Instances
description: "Remote instances can now be accessed in Immersive Mode for a cleaner, distraction-free editing experience"
date: 2026-02-11 12:00:00.0
authors: ['serban-costin']
tags:
  - changelog
issues:
  - https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/6599
---

You can now access **Immersive Mode** when working with **Remote Instances**.

Immersive Mode gives you **at-a-glance instance stats** alongside the editor, while also enabling the **FlowFuse Expert** to help speed up development and debugging, especially when you’re working on the edge with remote devices.

> Prefer the classic experience? The existing **plain** connection flow is still available: clicking the **Open Editor** selector will continue to open the editor in the original (non-immersive) mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefer the classic experience? The existing **plain** connection flow is still available: clicking the **Open Editor** dropdown selector includes an alternative option to be able to open the editor in the non-immersive mode.
```
